README.md, before:

## Inviwo - Interactive Visualization Workshop

Inviwo is a software framework for rapid visualization prototyping.

Package releases and information is available at www.inviwo.org

Below follow some general information about the framework:

 - Freely available under the Simplified BSD License.
 - Cross-platform and runs on Windows, Linux and Mac OS X.
 - Easily extendable through inclusion of external modules and projects.

#### Core
 - The core is written in C/C++ only, with minor dependencies.
 
#### Modules
 - Modern graphics programming through OpenGL (>= 3.2 Core) related modules.
 - Parallel computing on multiple platforms (GPU/CPU) through OpenCL (>= 1.0) related modules.
 - Python (> 3.2) scripting and computation is supported through provided modules.

#### GUI
 - The primary GUI is based on Qt (Supported >= 5.3).
 - A minimal application is available, utilizing GLFW 3 for multiple window and context management.

#### Build system
 - The project and module configuration/generation is performed through CMake (>= 2.8.11).
 - Inviwo has been compiled in Visual Studio (>= 2013), XCode (>= 5), KDevelop (>= 4), Make.
 - C++11 Required

Commit message:

Notice! The next release (0.9.7) will be the last one that will support Visual Studio 2013. After 0.9.7 we will require Visual Studio 2015. The switch will happen in the beginning of May. The latest Visual Studio version is available at https://www.visualstudio.com/en-us/downloads/download-visual-studio-vs.aspx
Editor: Added basic support for property presets.
Editor: Added option to keep links/connections when you delete a processor.
Editor: Added copy paste for properties, in the same way as for processors in the network.
Refactorings
   * PropertySerializationMode::DEFAULT|ALL|NONE -> Default|All,None.
   * Renamed portDependencySet to portGroup

README.md, after:

### Notice!
The next release (0.9.7) will be the last one that will support Visual Studio 2013. After 0.9.7 we will require Visual Studio 2015. The switch will happen
in the beginning of May. The latest Visual Studio version is available at
https://www.visualstudio.com/en-us/downloads/download-visual-studio-vs.aspx 

## Inviwo - Interactive Visualization Workshop

Inviwo is a software framework for rapid visualization prototyping.

Package releases and information is available at www.inviwo.org

Below follow some general information about the framework:

 - Freely available under the Simplified BSD License.
 - Cross-platform and runs on Windows, Linux and Mac OS X.
 - Easily extendable through inclusion of external modules and projects.

#### Core
 - The core is written in C/C++ only, with minor dependencies.
 
#### Modules
 - Modern graphics programming through OpenGL (>= 3.2 Core) related modules.
 - Parallel computing on multiple platforms (GPU/CPU) through OpenCL (>= 1.0) related modules.
 - Python (> 3.2) scripting and computation is supported through provided modules.

#### GUI
 - The primary GUI is based on Qt (Supported >= 5.3).
 - A minimal application is available, utilizing GLFW 3 for multiple window and context management.

#### Build system
 - The project and module configuration/generation is performed through CMake (>= 2.8.11).
 - Inviwo has been compiled in Visual Studio (>= 2013), XCode (>= 5), KDevelop (>= 4), Make.
 - C++11 Required
